arteriosclerosis is a life-threatening disease that can begin
to develop during childhood this disease is a process in which the
Deposits of fatty material called plaque
they accumulate in the walls of the arteries reducing ob what I walk by
complete the blood flow
and the exact causes of arteriosclerosis are not clear many
scientists claim that it starts with the pipe to the inner wall of a
Yamada artery endothelium to substances transported through the blood
like cholesterol and you're like that the cellular waste products
accumulate in the damaged area of ​​the arterial wall
the chemical sessions that occur within the accumulation of material
so the cholesterol molecules are displayed
this results in an inflammatory response
in which the industrial cells said damaged site releases substances
Chemicals that indicate a distress call
in response the municipalities of the bloodstream are heading towards the
damaged site
the stimulation of oxidized cholesterol
converts monocytes into macrophages
the macrophages commented insist on the cholesterol molecules
as a result of this process the macrophages become cells
scaly which accumulate to form the plate
to the extent that the place does not interest me anymore
the couple wanted to say is an experience that is needed
at the same time the smooth muscle cells within the filial parity
they begin to multiply
most smooth muscle cells move towards the surface of the
plaque these cells contribute to the formation of a fibrous layer
finalize the plant
finally the corridor through art is this fact enough to
reduce blood flow and the amount of oxygen received by
organs of justice
the stage by eroding and prison leading plaque in the torrent
blood
the position plate and he trusted that the formation of a promissory note
near the end
the unlimited supply of Christ's blood and in this sense cemetery in
the international scene
I told the titular guy where they have most resisted design
Jack
at present